1. What are the files in this directory for?

Files in this directory are used for desktop menu entries for "Data Acquisition" menu under "Applications" menu. 
These files must be installed in the local workstation machine for "Data Acquisition" menu 
to appear under the system "Applications" in the main menu.

Important: Both Applications -> Data Acquisition menu, and desktop "GDA_Launchers" folder depends on these.

1.1 Desktop entry files now available as listed below:

	gda-beamline-manual.desktop		: launch Beamline-specific manual if available
	gda-client.desktop				: launch GDA Client
	gda-data-backup-2-usb.desktop 	: back up data to UBS disk
	gda-logfile.desktop				: display GDA log file "gda_output.txt" on terminal
	gda-logpanel.desktop			: open GDA log panel
	gda-servers.desktop				: launch GDA servers - Name Server, Log Server, Event Server, and Object Server
	gda-startup-guide.desktop		: display GDA startup guide
	gda-user-guide.desktop			: display GDA user Guide - web link we provide

1.2 The following files define the menu configuration

	gda.directory					: Define the "Data Acquisition" entry under "Applications"
	gda.menu						: define the submenu contribution to GNOME menu system


2. How to add more entry to the menu system?

You may add more entries to the "Data acquisition" sub-menu by define additional .desktop for for your launcher. 
For example I have added a entry for mythen detector for i11 as 

	gda-start-mythen-detector.desktop	: start Mythen GUI

To make your .desktop entry appear under "Data Acquisition", please make sure you specify 

	Categories=X-ogda;

in your .deaktop file.


3. Requirements or dependency

As you poke into the .desktop files, you will notice they use the existing shell script launcher such as "GDA_RemoteStart_Lin" etc. So
3.1 you must put your beamline GDA startup script on the $PATH, i.e. the <gda.root>/config/bin
3.2 if you user ixx-config for your beamline configuration, you must create a link to it called "config", otherwise some icons on menu entry will not appear.
